corrections to compact encoding when n>= 2^30 (#655)
w3f/polkadot-spec: src/docs/id-cryptography-encoding.md

{{k}_{{1}}^{{7}}}\ldots{{k}_{{1}}^{{3}}}{{k}_{{1}}^{{2}}}\:={m}-{4}
$$

> Note that ${m}$ denotes the length of the original integer being encoded and does not include the extra-byte describing the length. The encoding can be used for integers upto $$2^{(63+4)8} -1 = 2^{536} -1$$.

Reviewer: Other than this minor typo, lgtm
```suggestion
Note that ${m}$ denotes the length of the original integer being encoded and does not include the extra-byte describing the length. The encoding can be used for integers up to $$2^{(63+4)8} -1 = 2^{536} -1$$.
```
